# Introduction
- This is the post-setup process of our Wardrive. This document assumes you've correctly replicated our setup from the previous documents and you're doing your first drive.

# First Steps
- Learning about what exactly Wardriving is was fairly simple. There's a lot of resources available online. Finding out exactly how to do it was an entirely different game, since a lot of people have different setups. The two commonalities between them all is: 1. A lot of people use Raspberry Pi's for this & 2. A vast majority of them use [this](https://www.amazon.com/GlobalSat-BU-353-S4-Receiver-Black-Improved-New/dp/B098L799NH) GPS receivers. The first one was no issue, since the whole point of our project was to use a Raspberry Pi. However, since apparently we hate ourselves, we decided to use the [Waveshare L76X GPS Module](https://www.waveshare.com/l76x-gps-hat.htm). This was for a few reasons, primarily being that the first option was frequently unavailable to purchase on Amazon. And when it was, it was expensive. In hindsight, using the Waveshare one was not a bad choice at all, aside from the annoying wires. In the initial stages, it was a very discouraging setup. For one, the distributor being Chinese for some reason means the debug software is entirely in Chinese, despite everything else being in english. For two, the `PPS` light that means the GPS is actually working would not light up. The fix for these issues was the tried and true method of just not using the software entirely (despite the ENGLISH manual stating to use it). The issue with the light was probably just because we were in a classroom.
  
   Eventually, we managed to circumvent whatever initial issues arose and I was able to begin actually researching the configuration we needed. After a few days of troubleshooting, I got it to work and the correct process can be followed in it's entirety through the other documents. With our device functioning, we were able to begin actually Wardriving.
  

# Wardriving Setup 
- Our process began with getting into the car with our equipment. Thankfully, one of our group members has a van equipped with an outlet capable of supporting the RPI being plugged in. Initially, I had planned on starting the PI, connecting to a laptop for visuals or SSH, and using a mobile hotspot. Unfortunately, I somehow managed to overlook a few extremely basic concepts. The first being that you need internet for SSH. I know, who would've guesssed? The second is that my laptop could not be used for displaying my RPI visually. This was because ... it didn't have an HDMI port. In my defense, a vast majority of this project, other than the two things I just listed plus using terminal, were all very new to me. Mentally, I was pretty enveloped in not even comprehending, but remembering all of the other steps.

 The fix for these issues came from the same group member that supplied the van. By some miracle, she happens to be dating a guy that's super into tech and cybersecurity, much like ourselves. Except, at least to me, he's much more of an expert than we are. As if by some divine intervention, we go over to their house and he hands me what he calls a Cyberdeck (which he later informed me the origins of and motivated me to build my own). This Cyberdeck is literally just a dilapidated suitcase. Inside of the suitcase, is a screen with the stripped down auxillary ports and buttons that a monitor would have. The exact details of what was inside elude me at this moment. Anyways, this combined with a hotspot he provided gave us all the neccessary tools to begin our Wardrive.

   With our antenna stuck onto the roof of the van and our RPI & GPS module tangled in a mess of wires ready to go, the drive began. Before pulling away, GPSD was started by first checking the status with `sudo service gpsd` and then starting it. After that, Kismet was started with the web UI being displayed on another group members phone. Our jank setup is ready to roll.

  # Wardriving
- We begin driving and filming for our presentation. The drive was relatively short (~10 minutes). Along the way we spotted some very interesting (and some questionable) network names. As we moved along, Kismet floods with data, picking up thousands of devices and networks, offering a myriad of information.
 Thankfully, the Wardrive came and went without any further issues arising. Once it was all wrapped up, we just sent the converted file over to a computer and uploaded it to Wigle.

# Conclusion
- In the future, I'd like to conduct a longer Wardrive and actually expand upon a lot of the data it receives. It was an enlightening experience throughout that truly put my Googling and troubleshooting skills to the test. 
